Read the full story here.
Prop.
Ron Kroichick is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: rkroichick@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ronkroichick
Calif. Firefighting Truck Driver Dies in Crash Associated Press
Sponsored by the African American Community Health Advisory Committee and the African American Library Advisory Committee.
Aug. 8: San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo and an expert panel discuss homelessness in front of a live audience.
Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news.
Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle
His writing reflects his love of the Bay Area, in addition to his passion for vintage pop culture, ephemera and vernacular photographs.
The Chronicle]
and HYDE ST.
MAY 26
Voters Michelle Brewster (front) and Makenna Martinez (behind) wait in line to get their ballots drop off their ballots atf city hall on Tuesday, June 5, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif.
Read more from J.K. Dineen.
23
Lea Suzuki/The Chronicle
THURSDAY
Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle
Photo: Paul Chinn / The Chronicle
Supporters cheer San Francisco mayoral candidate Angela Alioto before entering the Taverna Aventine for her election party in San Francisco, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Resident Peter Brubaker with his dog Albert, arrives to cast his vote at a polling station inside the First Christian Church in Torrance, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
John Cote is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Catherine Ho (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
If you know the exact location, you can write to me at bbragman@sfgate.com.
All the material in Portals of the Past is original for The San Francisco Chronicle.
Email: adriana.rezal@sfchronicle.com
Voter information: The League of Women Voters of North and Central San Mateo holds a voter information session.
Japanese American incarceration: KALW-FM's public affairs show "Your Call" tapes a live show exploring the connections between Japanese American incarceration during World War II and modern threats to civil liberties.
Julian Castro: Former Housing and Urban Development secretary and former mayor of San Antonio, Texas, speaks at the Commonwealth Club.
6-8 p.m., Richmond Republic Draught House, 642 Clement St., San Francisco.
Henry K. Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
July 31: The Chronicle presents an in-depth report, "24 Hours of Homelessness."
7:30 p.m., St. John's Presbyterian Church, 2727 College Ave.,
-- Trisha Thadani
Eduardo Medina is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
But Prop.
Upcoming political events in the Bay Area.
Living off the land: Is it possible to live off the land, fully self-sufficient?
Kale Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
6:30 p.m., 1213 Newell Road, Embarcadero Room, Palo Alto.
Berkeley.
Napa survivors: The fire and the bracelet SFChronicle
Joe Garofoli is The San Francisco Chronicle's senior political writer.
Deepa Fernandes is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Nikko Johnson reviews the California Primary election guide at San Francisco City Hall Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Sponsored by Commonwealth Club.
Today's forecast
Read more about the contest
Chronicle Food + Wine
6 p.m., Golden Gate University, 536 Mission St., second floor, San Francisco.
E-mail: wbrown@sfchronicle.com
Santa Clara.
Gary Kamiya's Portals of the Past tells those lost stories, using a specific location to illuminate San Francisco's extraordinary history -- from the days when giant mammoths wandered through what is now North Beach to the Gold Rush delirium, the dot-com madness and beyond.
he said. "
Photo: Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle
How to help
To see a multimedia production of this piece, go to http://blog.sfgate.com/cityexposed.
in San Francisco.
Trisha Thadani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
16
Before and after images of the North Bay fires San Francisco Chronicle
Every Saturday, Gary Kamiya's Portals of the Past will tell one of those lost stories, using a specific location to illuminate San Francisco's extraordinary history - from the days when giant mammoths wandered through what is now North Beach, to the Gold Rush delirium, the dot-com madness and beyond.
Chronicle staff writer Trisha Thadani contributed to this report.
13
Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones, a Democratic candidate for California Attorney General, casts his ballot Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Voters are casting ballots in California's primary ... more
Women in leadership: Former U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer and University of California President Janet Napolitano discuss opportunities and challenges for women in leadership.
In the Studio
Now Playing: Protesters refused to heed official pleas to stay home Saturday, instead taking to Oakland and Bay Area streets, where police officers in riot gear faced another night of outrage over the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Gavin Newsom, Democratic candidate for governor of California, votes as his wife Jennifer Siebel Newsom and children watch at a polling location in Larkspur, California, U.S., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
3
*In line with Brown?
Mike Kepka/The Chronicle
Trapper Byrne is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Alejandro Serrano is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Read more from Rachel Swan.
Janet Napolitano: Former homeland security secretary and current University of California president discusses her experiences with domestic security and the current situation in the U.S. $20, $10 for students.
George Shultz: Former secretary of state in conversation with Commonwealth Club President Gloria Duffy.
Assistance is in the form of grants paid directly to the supplier of services, such as a landlord.
John King is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: avaziri@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @MusicSF
$30, $10 for students.
Jessica Christian/The Chronicle
Email: mbodley@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @michael_bodley
Sonoma County deputy drives through Tubbs Fire KSBW
Politics and soccer: "How is soccer connected to global politics and what can we learn from this year's World Cup (being held in Russia)?"
---
Email: tal.kopan@sfchronicle.com Twitter @talkopan
More information is here.
San Francisco mayoral candidate and Board of Supervisors President London Breed waits to greet passerbys at a last minute campaign stop in downtown San Francisco, California, on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
In the negative, Republican Party official Harmeet Dhillon and Project Veritas founder James O'Keefe.
Read the story.
Friday morning update on the fire conditions in Mendocino County KTVU
Dispatch calls link PG&E power lines to wild fires KTVU
D4 supervisor forum: Candidates for San Francisco supervisorial District Four participate in a forum sponsored by the Outer Sunset/Parkside Residents Association.
$20 until July 31, $25 after.
JULY 29
Salgu Wissmath/The Chronicle / The Chronicle
Email wbrown@sfchronicle.com
The Chronicle's detailed policy governing the use of such sources, including the use of pseudonyms, is available on SFChronicle.com.
The intrigue in the race to replace departing California Gov. Jerry Brown isn't who wins -- it's who comes in second in Tuesday's primary, one of hundreds of contests across the state that could solidify Democratic dominance and reshape the fight for control of the U.S. Congress.
Sarah Rice/Special to The Chronicle
About the poll As part of the SFNext project to help San Francisco residents solve some of the city's problems, we polled more than 1,650 people to measure attitudes on what's working, what isn't, performance of city government, the future of the city and more.
Email: kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KellieHwang
JULY 20
E-mail: egreen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @emilytgreen
Firefighters battle a four-alarm structure fire at the North Beach neighborhood in San Francisco, Calif. on Saturday, March 17, 2018.
John Wildermuth and Joe Garofoli are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
Not at all.
$10-$20 donation.
Email: julie.johnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @juliejohnson
Truth, half-truth or lie
20
Rafe Swan / Getty Image
Click here to listen.
San Rafael.
$6-$12.
"Pandemic Problems" is written by Chronicle Advice Team members Annie Vainshtein and Kellie Hwang, combining thorough reporting and guidance from Bay Area experts to help get answers and find a way forward.
6.
More information and registration here.
Noon.
Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
Video: San Francisco Chronicle
Whether you are a buyer, seller, renter, landlord, builder or investor, the availability and affordability of housing are everyday concerns.
The World After 2020."
$40 for nonmembers.
14.
Matier can be seen on the KGO-TV morning and evening news and can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip?
Peter Hartlaub (he/him) is The San Francisco Chronicle's culture critic.
A discussion with the general manager of Burning Man's Fly Ranch.
she asked.
Climate day of action: Rallies, town halls and community forums to call for action on climate change.
on a Bird scooter as seen on Mon.
Sponsored by Democracy Action.
John Wildermuth is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: mallory.moench@sfchronicle.com Twitter:@mallorymoench
Mendocino County couple makes terrifying escape through flames San Francisco Chronicle
Full agenda and more information are here.
Noon-2 p.m. at PricewaterhouseCoopers, 3 Embarcadero Center 20F, San Francisco.
Saturday
Chiu Q&A: Indivisible hosts a question-and-answer session with Assemblyman David Chiu, D-San Francisco.
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
Gov. Gavin Newson cast his ballot as California voters are heading to the polls to vote in the primary election.
Email: susan.neilson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @susieneilson
Gov. Gavin Newson cast his ballot as ... more
6 p.m., Phyllis Wattis Theater, SFMOMA, 151 Third St., San Francisco.
William Burns: Former deputy secretary of state and former ambassador to Russia in conversation at the Commonwealth Club with ex-Rep. Ellen Tauscher.
3 p.m., Congregation Beth Sholom, 301 14th Ave.,
Sarah Ravani (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
MediaOS Video
Climate forums: UC Davis Policy Institute for Energy, Environment, and the Economy hosts a series of forums on climate change issues.
2-4 p.m., San Mateo Public Library, 55 West Third Ave.
Maybe.
Gary Kamiya is the author of the best-selling book "Cool Gray City of Love: 49 Views of San Francisco," awarded the 2013 Northern California Book Award in creative nonfiction.
E-mail: vho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @VivianHo
Michelle Robertson is an SFGATE staff writer.
6 p.m., Good Earth Natural Foods, 201 Flamingo Road, Mill Valley.
Email: kalexander@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kurtisalexander
Read more from Roland Li.
The Kicker
Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @obioannoukenobi
2 p.m., San Mateo Public Library, 55 West Third Ave.
Brittany Hosea-Small/Special to The Chronicle
He was 87.
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno rides through the Castro District in a classic car ahead of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Two sessions, at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Paramount Theatre, 2025 Broadway, Oakland.
WEDNESDAY
Peter Hartlaub / The Chronicle
Now Playing: Here is what you need to know about the coronavirus.
The California Department of Fish and Wildlife says the Iron Gate Fish Hatchery along the Klamath River, the Klamathon Road fishing access below the hatchery and the Horseshoe Ranch Wildlife Area have been closed as a precaution. (
Sponsored by Stanford College Republicans.
Heather Knight is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
NOV.
Danielle Echeverria is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
<
A polling station sign sits along the Hwy 101 in Carlsbad, CA during the state's primary election day on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Read More
Sponsored by the Commonwealth Club.
Couple Drives Through Edge of Wildfire Devastating Yuba County Storyful
2.
Gov. ... more
Sonoma County sheriff's deputy responds to fire on October 8 San Francisco Chronicle
Aerial view of mobile home park, hotel destroyed in Tubbs Fire San Francisco Chronicle
Email: tatiana.sanchez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TatianaYSanchez.
JULY 17
Jessica Christian/The Chronicle 2021
Sponsored by Japan Society of Northern California.
Email: hknight@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @hknightsf Instagram: @heatherknightsf
Hosted by the Freedom Socialist Party.
5 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Matier can be seen on the KPIX-TV morning and evening news.
Melody Gutierrez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: ljohnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @LizzieJohnsonnn
Outline is installed from 1:30-5:30 p.m. Friday.
In this ongoing series, Chronicle journalists investigate the failures of this complicated, costly system and explore solutions to the crisis.
Read more.
DEC.
Mallory Moench (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Share with us the 'good news' The news these days can be sobering, even grim.
Still no procession.
9
Email: rkost@sfchronicle.com.
J.D. Morris (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
The result?
Yes.
E-mail: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com.
7 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
July 29-31: Our Fifth & Mission podcast tackles the issue of homelessness.
Paul Kuroda/Special to The Chronicle
Click through to see some of the candidates and the lines at polling places ... more
Not so much.
Every Saturday, Gary Kamiya's "Portals of the Past" will tell one of those lost stories, using a specific location to illuminate San Francisco's extraordinary history - from the days when giant mammoths wandered through what is now North Beach, to the Gold Rush delirium, the dot-com madness and beyond.
SEPT.
A conversation with Mary Nichols, chair of the California Air Resources Board, and Greg Dalton of Climate One.
MARCH 17
Hosted by the Peninsula Open Space Trust.
JUNE 26
Hosted by The Chronicle.
Here's the story:
Leah Millis / The Chronicle
Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SteveRubeSF
Voters are casting ballots in California's primary election, setting the stage for November races. (
Email: ama@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @anniema15
MAY 30
Chronicle Staff Writer Lauren Hernandez contributed to this report.
Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg less
Truth decay: RAND Corp. CEO Michael Rich discusses "truth decay -- the diminishing role of facts and analysis in American public life," at the Commonwealth Club.
Crisis Text Line: Text "Connect" to 741741 to reach a crisis counselor any time for free.
Intended for intermediate and advanced Spanish speakers.
A: Yes.
Nicole Boliaux/The Chronicle
There are several highly competitive races throughout the state as California has ... more
A woman and child walk past a sign pointing to the polling place at El Mercado de Los Angeles, in the Boyle Heights neighborhood, during the state's primary election on June 5, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. ...
Email: metro@sfchronicle.com
$20, $7 students.
Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com
People in San Francisco share photos of badly parked or trashed scooters.
Chronicle staff writer Erin Allday contributed to this report.
3:30 p.m. More information is here.
Annie Vainshtein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
- Rachel Gordon
Email: otaylor@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @otisrtaylorjr
510) 559-9500.
Find spots near you, create a dining wishlist, and more.
Democratic California gubernatorial candidate Lt.
Jaxon Van Derbeken is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
APRIL 16
Gabrielle Lurie, Staff / The Chronicle
$15-$50.
John King is The San Francisco Chronicle's urban design critic.
Andri Tambunan/Special to The Chronicle
on Mon.
www.ashkenaz.com.
7 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St., Berkeley.
New citizen voting: Volunteers organized by Democracy Action register new U.S. citizens to vote after naturalization ceremonies at 10 a.m. Paramount Theatre, 2025 Broadway, Oakland.
7:30 p.m. Black Oak Books, 1491 Shattuck Ave.,
San Francisco mayoral candidate and Board of Supervisors President London Breed campaigns with Senator Scott Weiner (left) in downtown San Francisco, California, on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
-- Kathleen Pender
S.F. Politics 101: United Democratic Club hosts a primer on local politics.
Email: ricardo.cano@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ByRicardoCano
Send feedback, ideas and suggestions to sfnext@SFChronicle.com
* See the full timeline.
10 a.m., Rainbow Recreation Center, 5800 International Blvd.,
JUNE 7
6:30 p.m., 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Read more from Janelle Bitker.
7 p.m. A Great Good Place for Books, 6120 LaSalle Ave.,
Political comedy: An evening of standup political comedy, featuring Dhaya Lakshminarayanan, Francesca Fiorentini and Matt Gubser, hosted by the Sister District Project.
Anonymous
Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa casts his ballot at a polling station inside the Robert F. Kennedy Elementary School in Los Angeles on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press
Jordan Parker (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Rick Wilson: Republican strategist and Daily Beast columnist discusses dark politics in the age of Trump.
The suspect in the slaying fled and was found on a train a day later.
Nanette Asimov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Sponsored by Democracy Labs.
MAY 14
Sarahbeth Maney / Special to The Chronicle
7-8:30 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St. More information is here.
6-8:30 p.m., 1190 Bryant St., San Francisco.
Helicopter footage of damage from Tubbs Fire San Francisco Chronicle
Email her at fioannou@sfchronicle.com and follow her on Twitter
Postcarding: A postcarding event encourage voters to turn out for progressive legislative candidates.
Justin Katigbak/Special to The Chronicle
E.
He was 71.
E-mail: kalexander@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kurtisalexander
Email: kgalbraith@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kategalbraith
Organized by Democracy Action.
Photo: File/Berliner Morganpost Via OpenStreetMap
Tickets $0-$10.
Sponsored by the American Constitution Society, Bay Area chapter.
Noah Berger / Special to The Chronicle
Kellie Hwang and Mike Massa are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
Full coronavirus coverage
Email: tthadani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TrishaThadani
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Heather Knight appears Sundays and Wednesdays.
1 p.m., Mission Cultural Center for Latino Arts, 2868 Mission St., San Francisco.
Organized by the Livermore Conversion Project.
Mill Valley. (
Two sessions, 10 a.m.-noon and 2-4 p.m., Paramount Theater, 2025 Broadway, Oakland.
Click through to see some of the candidates and the lines at polling places on election day.
Email: jwildermuth@sfchronicle.com
Tales of the City: University of Wisconsin English Professor Ramzi Fawaz discusses his oral history project on how Armistead Maupin's "Tales of the City" serial in The Chronicle affected gay politics.
Ryce Stoughtenborough is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
To list an event, please email Politics Editor Trapper Byrne at tbyrne@sfchronicle.com.
The intrigue in the race to replace departing California Gov. Jerry Brown isn't who wins  it's who comes in second in Tuesday's primary, one of hundreds of contests across the state that could solidify Democratic dominance and reshape the fight for control of the U.S. Congress. (
JUNE 19
Email: ashley.mcbride@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Ashleynmcb
John King is the San Francisco Chronicle's urban design critic.
E-mail: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider
Debate watch party: Watch party for second night of the Democratic presidential candidates debate.
Vanessa Hua is the author of "A River of Stars."
and by appt.
Carl Nolte's columns appear in The Chronicle's Sunday edition.
Evan Sernoffsky is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
8 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Resident Films His Neighborhood Burning in Santa Rosa Wildfire Storyful
11 a.m.-5 p.m., starts at Ferry Building Plaza in San Francisco.
Around the Bay
Franchon Smith/The Chronicle
Fire Tracker Follow wildfires across the state Latest updates on wildfires burning across Northern and Southern California
Paint Congress Blue: An art and action festival to rally support for flipping control of Congress.
The Chronicle
E-mail: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jilltucker
Again.
Email: alexei.koseff@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @akoseff
Gubernatorial candidate and former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, center, arrives at an election-night watch party to give a statement Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Los Angeles.
California state Treasurer John Chiang smiles as he thanks supporters after casting his vote by mail at a polling station inside the First Christian Church in Torrance, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Supporters of Prop.
Sponsored by the World Affairs Council.
Jacom Stephens/Getty Image
21
7 p.m., 3200 California St., San Francisco.
Please be as specific as possible, but try to keep it concise.
More Information About Pandemic Problems Send your questions and issues to pandemicproblems@sfchronicle.com.
Sponsored by Jewish Community Center of San Francisco.
Dustin Gardiner and Alexei Koseff are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
Email: lauren.hernandez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @LaurenPorFavor
Email: rkost@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @RyanKost
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays.
Panel discussion hosted by Institute for Policy Integrity.
Berkeley. (
Super Tuesday watch party: For primary returns from California and 13 other states.
Stephen Lam / The Chronicle
510) 525-5054.
$30 for nonmembers, $10 for students.
We may edit your submission for space, clarity or spelling and grammar.
Rep. Lauren Underwood: The 32-year-old Illinois Democrat talks about being the youngest African American woman in Congress.
Email: kdesa@sfchronicle.com
Ramin Rahimian / Special to The Chronicle
Piedmont.
and MARKET ST.
Video: Manjula Varghese / The Chronicle
Stay tuned.
Green New Deal: A town hall to discuss what's at stake in the Green New Deal.
Twitter: matierandross
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Sponsored by Royce Law LLC.
To read earlier Portals of the Past, go to sfchronicle.com/portals.
Air Quality Tracker Check levels down to the neighborhood Ratings for the Bay Area and California, updated every 10 minutes
Paul Kuroda / Special to The Chronicle
Rep. Ro Khanna: Fremont Democrat in discussion with "Recode Decode's" Kara Swisher.
David Perlman is The San Francisco Chronicle's science editor.
The reason?
Email: madeline.wells@sfgate.com | Twitter: @madwells22
MAY 15
Marisa Lagos is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Jana Asenbrennerova / Special to The Chronicle
APRIL 27
Benefit for Middle East Children's Alliance.
Big tech and political speech: A debate on, "Resolved: New regulations are not necessary to address Big Tech's political bias."
Bring a laptop and phone.
Danica Roem: Virginia House of Delegates member Danica Roem, the first openly transgender member of a state legislature, discusses her career and life story.
The background
Matthias Gafni is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Free, RSVP encouraged.
Aidin Vaziri is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
E-mail: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ctuan
San Francisco Chronicle
2
- Marisa Lagos
Mark DeSaulnier, D-Concord, and Barbara Lee, D-Oakland, appear at a town hall meeting about racial issues.
Top Bay Area Workplaces 2022 The San Francisco Chronicle's Top Workplaces in the Bay Area competition honors the best workplaces in the Bay Area, as recognized by their employees.
Email: chase.difeliciantonio@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ChaseDiFelice
Charge: conspiracy to commit mail fraud and honest services mail fraud
E-mail: rswan@sfchronicle.com
Dustin Gardiner (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Twitter: @sfjkdineen
Rahm Emanuel: Former Chicago mayor and Barack Obama adviser on "how mayors run the world."
Ryan Kost is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: gwendolyn.wu@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @gwendolynawu
Local politicians took to Twitter.
Francis Fukuyama: Political scientist and author Francis Fukuyama discusses identity politics.
Michael Noble Jr./The Chronicle
The No.
Calif. Wilson, 18, was stabbed Sunday at the MacArthur BART Station and died from her injuries.
The 52nd annual Cable Car Bell Ringing contest was held in Union Square in San Francisco, Calif. For the first time ever there was a tie for the winner which resulted in a 30 second runoff which was won by Byron Cobb.
more
Email: sravani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SarRavani
It needed a simple majority to pass.
Gwendolyn Wu is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Noon, Marines Memorial Theatre, 609 Sutter St., San Francisco.
Albany.
24
JUNE 1
7:30 p.m., First Congregational Church of Berkeley, 2345 Channing Way, Berkeley.
Republican gubernatorial candidate John Cox, center, speaks to reporters alongside his wife, Sarah Cox, right, Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in San Diego.
People in San Francisco, the Bay Area, and around California went to the polls Tuesday to vote for key statewide and local elections.
Courage to Run S.F.: A celebration of women getting politically active and running for office, with a 5K run and party.
7:30 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
JUNE 20
Email: mkawahara@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @matthewkawahara
E-mail: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
12:30 p.m. More information is here.
Email: gwendolyn.wu@sfchronicle.com
Hosted by TechEquity Collaborative.
Lawrence Lessig: Harvard legal scholar gives a TED+Salon talk on the future of democracy.
Paul Chinn/The Chronicle
Rating: TWO AND A HALF STARS
Call 415- 777-8815, or email matierandross@sfchronicle.com.
Read the story here.
Email: dustin.gardiner@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dustingardiner
$20, $7 for students.
Check back for updates.
Latest updates:
Lunch and dinner daily.
Email her: agraff@sfgate.com.
Nina Riggio / Special to The Chronicle
Paul Kitagaki Jr./The Sacramento Bee via AP) less
E-mail: jwildermuth@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jfwildermuth
San Francisco.
$15 cover charge.
Michael Bodley is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Kevin Fagan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: vho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @VivianHo
Capt.
By submitting a question, you agree to The Chronicle's Terms of Use, which are available for review at https://www.sfchronicle.com/terms_of_use/ , and acknowledge its Privacy Notice, which is available for review at https://www.sfchronicle.com/privacy_policy/. The advice offered in this column is intended for informational purposes only.
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SamWhitingSF Instagram: @sfchronicle_art
$5-$10.
Editor's note
6:30 p.m. Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
"The No.
Through Jan. 27.
The intrigue in the race to replace departing California Gov. ... more
Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @BobEgelko
Carolyne Zinko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
650) 324-4321.
And you know what?
Thank you."
July 29: The Chronicle assesses the effectiveness of a San Francisco program that offers homeless people a bus ticket home.
See the full disaster guide here.
Joaquin Palomino is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
MAY 2
David R. Baker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
To donate, visit seasonofsharing.org/donate .
Broken Care: About this series San Francisco spends nearly $400 million a year on mental health and addiction treatment, but thousands of people in crisis are still without sufficient care.
In this photo provided by the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, the Pawnee Fire wildfire burns northeast of Clearlake Oaks, Calif., early Sunday, June 24, 2018.
Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones, a Democratic candidate for California Attorney General, casts his ballot Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Voters are casting ballots in California's primary election, setting the stage for November races.
Emeryville candidates: League of Women Voters hosts a forum for Emeryville City Council and school board candidates.
This column, its authors, the newspaper and publisher are not responsible for the outcome or results of following any advice in any given situation.
Twitter: @StienstraTom.
Email: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com
Benefits KPFA-FM.
Carl Nolte's column runs Sundays.
Sponsored by the San Francisco Party for Socialism and Liberation.
5 p.m., Starline Social Club, 2236 Martin Luther King Jr. Way, Oakland.
-- Dominic Fracassa
Reps.
For more information and to make a donation: www.seasonofsharing.org
Filipa Ioannou is an SFGATE staff writer.
Sonoma Sheriff's deputy rescues cat San Francisco Chronicle
Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle
Bay Briefing is written by Taylor Kate Brown and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
7 p.m., Albert and Janet Schultz Cultural Arts Hall, 3921 Fabian Way, Palo Alto.
Emails, letters, tweets or other messages you send become the property of The Chronicle and may be published online and in print.
18
Hosted by the Mechanics' Institute.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Sgt.
Associated Press
Heather Knight is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist.
Now Playing: Now Playing CA Wildfire Victims Seek Help After Losing Homes Associated Press
Berkeley voter information: UC Berkeley's Science Policy Group hosts a voter information night, focuses on state ballot initiatives.
Ukraine's future: Yaroslav Hrytsak, history professor and director of the Jewish studies program at Ukrainian Catholic University in Lviv, discusses the country's recent elections and its future.
Corte Madera.
and ELLIS ST.
Twitter:@samwhitingsf
Video: Manjula Varghese
Julie Johnson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
$2-$5.
MARCH 13
Mason Trinca/Special to The Chronicle
Read more from Kurtis Alexander.
Email: csaid@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @csaid
$35 for nonmembers, $15 for students.
Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter:@BobEgelko
A structure burns in Napa San Francisco Chronicle
312 Sutter St., Suite 200, San Francisco.
10 a.m.-4 p.m., Social Science Matrix Conference Room, eighth floor of Barrows Hall, UC Berkeley.
Family on Shallow Creek Dr. in Santa Rosa loses home San Francisco Chronicle
$20 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $7 for students.
Email: lauren.hepler@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @LAHepler
Voters cast their ballots at a Masonic Lodge on June 5, 2018 in Los Angeles, California.
7
Jeff Chiu / Associated Press
Sponsored by Building Opportunities for Self-Sufficiency.
Email: tstienstra@sfchronicle.com.
5:15 p.m., Berkeley Public Library main branch, 2090 Kittredge St., Berkeley.
Carlos Avila Gonzalez, Staff Photographer / The Chronicle
$35 nonmembers, $10 students.
The statement
Place is a weekly column by John King, The San Francisco Chronicle's urban design critic.
Other major candidates are Chiang, former education Superintendent Delaine Eastin and Assemblyman Travis Allen.
Michael Macor/The Chronicle
Ashley McBride and Gwendolyn Wu are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
E-mail: cwnevius@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @cwnevius
Room 210, San Francisco.
7 p.m. at the San Carlos Public Library, 610 Elm St. More information is here.
Photo: Santiago Mejia / The Chronicle
San Mateo.
Joel Umanzor (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Wilson was killed Sunday, July 22, 2018 at Macarthur Bart station in Oakland, Calif. less
Beer and wine.
Jungho Kim/Special to The Chronicle
she said. "
JULY 22
Aug. 25: Trans and Friends Rally, 5- 6 p.m.; Night Festival: 6- 11 p.m. Aug. 26: SV Pride Parade, 10 a.m.-noon; Day Festival, noon-6 p.m. Plaza de Cesar Chavez, 1 Paseo De San Antonio, San Jose.
Michael Short/Special to The Chronicle
The Ballot, a group for women who want to make a political change, will release a mix of political, fun, satirical and intellectually stimulating podcasts in advance for discussion.
Probably not.
$5.
Photo: Noah Berger, Special To The Chronicle
The first part of the program will provide an overview of where, when, and how to vote in the county, which is implementing a new system giving residents more ways an d more days to vote.
Benefit for Pace e Bene Nonviolence Service and its project Campaign Nonviolence.
Gender and 2020 politics: Scholars and practitioners discuss gender issues and politics approaching the 2020 election.
Sponsored by Ben & Jerry's and FreeSpeechTV.
1 p.m., the Women's Building, 3543 18th St., San Francisco.
Santiago Mejia, Staff / The Chronicle
Email: cnolte@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Carlnoltesf
6:30 p.m., Half Moon Bay Library, Ted Adcock Community Center.
6:30 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
MAY 31
MAY 1
San Francisco rally at 10 a.m. at Embarcadero Plaza.
Read The Chronicle's story here.
E-mail: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz
Email: eallday@sfchronicle.com
Dustin Gardiner is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
"The Arsonist": Mai Senaar's theatrical storytelling combines movement, visual projections, trap music and a live cello score to explore the personal implications of social and political theories surrounding justice and safety.
Jessica Flores (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
California state Treasurer John Chiang, talks to reporters after casting his vote by mail at a polling station inside the First Christian Church in Torrance, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
State Sen. Scott Wiener: San Francisco legislator holds a town hall meeting in the Richmond District.
"Prop.
Comedian Will Durst opens.
MAY 29
Democrats are battling to make sure they are not shut out of three Republican-held congressional districts that otherwise seem ripe for Democratic takeovers. (
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno sorts a Harvey Milk pin while greeting supporters at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Email: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JennaJourno
Race and politics: Panel discussion on the impact of race in politics.
Oakland. (
Hosted by KQED.
David Gergen: CNN senior political analyst speaks at the Commonwealth Club.
E-mail: kfagan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KevinChron
Twitter: @annievain
Chronicle staff writer
Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com Twitter:@SteveRubeSF
Twitter: @cwnevius
July 30: San Francisco Mayor London Breed and an expert panel discuss homelessness at the first of two public events.
Bay Briefing is written by John King and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
E-mail: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SteveRubeSF
Amy Osborne / Special to The Chronicle
Vanessa Arredondo is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
E-mail: rswan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @rachelswan
Deep dives and late takes
7:30 p.m., Hillside Club, 2286 Cedar St., Berkeley.
Noon-4 p.m., Mission Bay Conference Center at UCSF, 1675 Owens St., San Francisco.
Not anymore.
Voter Jeff Larson with his daughter Penelope Craven-Larson gets his ballot at city hall on Tuesday, June 5, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif.
MAY 7
Speakers include state Controller Betty Yee, state Democratic Party Women's Caucus chair Christine Pelosi and Debbie Mesloh, president of San Francisco Commission on the Status of Women.
Top of the News
CHP Redding posted these photos of the Klamathon Fire in Hornbrook, California.
Noon, online and at Golden Gate University, 536 Mission St., Room 2201, San Francisco.
Chronicle staff writer Nanette Asimov contributed to this report.
We cannot respond to all questions, but your submission will be read and considered.
He was 88.
FOUR BELLS
and MISSION ST.
First Congregational Church, 2345 Channing Way, Berkeley.
D4 supervisor forum: Candidates for supervisor in San Francisco District Four take part in a forum sponsored by the Outer Sunset/Parkside Residents Association.
Registration and more information are here.
8
Email: janelle.bitker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @janellebitker
Now Playing: 2018 Primary Elections Video: San Francisco Chronicle
JULY 12
Still no Varney.
4.
Email: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com Twitter:@ctuan
S.F. debate watch party: For the Democratic presidential candidates debate.
Email: megan.cassidy@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @meganrcassidy
AP Photo/Gregory Bull) less
Important: This column cannot address immediate risks to your health and safety.
2170 Market St. (415) 861-5016.
Email: hknight@sfchronicle.com, Twitter: @hknightsf
5 p.m., IGS Library, 109 Moses Hall, UC Berkeley.
At left, Polling Inspector La Chon Baraka. ...
Race and education: A panel discussion on the impact of race on education, sponsored by the African American Community Health Advisory Committee and the African American Library Advisory Committee.
www.yoshis.com.
5 p.m. More information is here.
Read Michelle Robertson's latest stories and send her news tips at mrobertson@sfchronicle.com.
Email: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jilltucker
We'd like to know about examples of good news you have witnessed during this time.
Son: Calif. Fire Victims Were Married 75 Years Associated Press
It worked.
Barbara Lee: Forum with Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Oakland, celebrating her 20th anniversary in Congress.
Sam Whiting (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: jtucker@sfchronicle.com
Rep. Adam Schiff: House Intelligence Committee chairman speaks in a Commonwealth Club event.
Joseph James DeAngelo, 72, was arrested in connection with the case on April 25, 2018.
Jason Fagone is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
9.
Who knows?
Alyssa Pereira is an SFGATE staff writer.
Postcard campaigning: A postcard-writing event on behalf of Katie Hill, Democratic House candidate in CD25.
Jacobin magazine editor: Bhaskar Sunkara, editor of Jacobin magazine, makes the case for radical politics in an era of extreme inequality.
Gov. Gavin Newsom is the ... more
AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Artists have used this time to channel their creative impulses in interesting and unique ways to combat the isolation.
Email: jdineen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfjkdineen
6:30-7:45 p.m., Marines Memorial Theater, 609 Sutter St., San Francisco.
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Heather Knight appears Sundays and Tuesdays.
Yellow.
Read the whole story here.
A woman and child walk past a sign pointing to the polling place at El Mercado de Los Angeles, in the Boyle Heights neighborhood, during the state's primary election on June 5, 2018 in Los Angeles, California.
6 p.m., 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Twitter: @TatianaYSanchez.
*Rep.
Food politics: A discussion of how food "can be a lever to create political change in our communities and our country," sponsored by Kitchentown.
JUNE 10
As part of its continuing coverage, The Chronicle wants to hear the story of your housing experience.
Email: avaziri@sfchronicle.com
$10, $5 for students.
Santa Rosa mobile home park destroyed by fire San Francisco Chronicle
Email: yoohyun.jung@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @yoohyun_jung
Republican gubernatorial candidate John Cox, center, walks through a crowd at a San Diego Republican election party Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in San Diego.
7 p.m., 2600 Bennett Valley Road, Santa Rosa.
JULY 8
2 p.m., Museum of the African Diaspora, 685 Mission St., San Francisco.
and TAYLOR ST.
Karen de Sa is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Campaign signs for San Francisco mayoral candidate, Angela Alioto, is seen hanging on the window for her election party at the Taverna Aventine in San Francisco, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
It is produced by the staff of The San Francisco Chronicle and edited by politics editor Trapper Byrne.
Kristen Murakoshi/Special to The Chronicle
Photo: Stephen Lam / Special To The Chronicle
$20 for nonmembers of the World Affairs Council, $7 for students.
His column runs on Tuesday and Friday.
Send your questions and issues to pandemicproblems@sfchronicle.com.
California voters are heading to the polls to vote in the primary election.
FBI
Far from it.
Jill Tucker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Debate watch party: Watch party for first night of the Democratic presidential candidates debate.
S an Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays.
Gavin Newsom, Democratic candidate for governor of California, votes as his wife Jennifer Siebel Newsom and children watch at a polling location in Larkspur, California, U.S., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018. ...
Good morning, Bay Area.
Email: matthias.gafni@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @mgafni
Photo: Mason Trinca, Special To The Chronicle
Why?
Andy Picon is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
The opinions or views expressed in this column are not intended to treat or diagnose; nor are they meant to replace the treatment and care that you may be receiving from a licensed professional, physician or mental health professional.
Tara Duggan (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: ashley.mcbride@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ashleynmcb
He was 92.
Brant Ward/The Chronicle
Felix Uribe, freelance / Special to The Chronicle
Col.
Email: shwanika.narayan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @shwanika
Susan Rice: Former President Barack Obama's national security adviser and U.N. ambassador discusses U.S. foreign policy priorities and national security interests.
6:30-8 p.m., World Affairs Council, 320 Sutter St., Suite 200.
Filipa A. Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
5:30-8:30 p.m., Anthony Hall, UC Berkeley.
George Shultz: A discussion with the former secretary of state, interviewed by Salesforce head of strategy Peter Schwartz.
1 p.m., Sports Basement, 2727 Milvia St., Berkeley.
25
Noon, Richmond Recreation Center, 251 18th Ave.,
Email: sophie.haigney@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SophieHaigney
$15 for students.
Gov. Gavin Newsom is the front-runner in the race for governor and polls show a surge by Republican businessman John Cox.
Salgu Wissmath / The Chronicle
Election workers Heidi McGettigan, left, Margaret Wohlford, center, and David Jensen, unload a bag of ballots brought in a from a polling precinct to the Sacramento County Registrar of Voters office, Tuesday, ... more
Email: jking@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JohnKingSFChron
11 a.m.-1 p.m., Holy Names University, 3500 Mountain Blvd.,
Indivisible East Bay meeting: Updates on strategies and actions for resisting President Trump's agenda.
4
The fund works year-round to prevent homelessness and hunger in the nine-county Bay Area.
Oscar Lopez Rivera: Puerto Rican independence activist, long imprisoned by the U.S. government for alleged connection to paramilitary actions, discusses his organizing activities as the island tries to recover from 2018 hurricanes.
Here's what you need to know to start your day.
Constanza Hevia H. / Special to The Chronicle
7:30 p.m., OMG, 43 Sixth St., San Francisco.
10:30 a.m., 80 Liberty Ship Way, Suite 20, Sausalito.
Jeffrey Rosen: Scholar and author examines constitutional questions and the post-Anthony Kennedy Supreme Court.
Email: tatiana.sanchez@sfchronicle.com.
29
Click here to make sure you get the news.
You, and only you, are completely responsible for your actions.
Kevin Schultz is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Aidin Vaziri is The San Francisco Chronicle's pop music critic.
Noon, Black Repertory Group Theater, 3201 Adeline St., Berkeley.
World Refugee Day: The nonprofit 1951 Coffee hosts an event with art, activities and refreshments provided by people who have come to the U.S. through the refugee resettlement program.
12.
Nothing.
Now Playing: Inauguration 2021 Video: SFGATE
year-end crime statistics for 2017. (
26
We will remove any identifying information.
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact the writers at anna.buchmann@sfchronicle.com and kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com.
A wildfire burns grasses at a livestock ranch in Guinda, Calif., Sunday July 1, 2018.
Santa Rosa couple drives through Tubbs fire San Francisco Chronicle
Carl Nolte / The Chronicle
Absolutely.
7 p.m., 518 Valencia St., San Francisco.
$20 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $8 for students.
Election workers Heidi McGettigan, left, Margaret Wohlford, center, and David Jensen, unload a bag of ballots brought in a from a polling precinct to the Sacramento County Registrar of Voters office, Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) less
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider, @dominicfracassa
7:30 p.m., First Congregational Church of Berkeley, 2435 Channing Way, Berkeley.
Chip Johnson is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist.
Email: joel.umanzor@sfchronicle.com
For more stories by Laurel Rosenhall, go to www.calmatters.org/newsanalysis.
Read more from Jill Tucker.
Door donation $3-$5, lunch donation $10.
Noon, Marines Memorial Theater, 609 Sutter St., San Francisco.
Carl Nolte is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Roland Li is a Chronicle staff writer.
6:30 p.m., 1260 Mission St., San Francisco.
6 p.m., PianoFight, 144 Taylor St., San Francisco.
6 p.m., 362 Capp St., San Francisco.
Listen here.
Brett McGurk: Former U.S. special envoy in the campaign against ISIS under President Trump and former President Barack Obama talks about his experiences and the direction of American foreign policy.
Moderated by Politico California Playbook senior writer Carla Marinucci.
Email: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Jilltucker
Criminal justice: Emily Bazelon, author of "Charged: The New Movement to Transform American Prosecution and End Mass Incarceration," discusses the power of prosecutors.
12:30 p.m., SPUR Urban Center, 654 Mission St., San Francisco.
Santiago Mejia / The Chronicle
Max Blumenthal: Journalist and author of "The Management of Savagery" analyzes how extremist forces that threaten peace across the globe are the end products of U.S. inevitable imperial designs.
1.
Sponsored by UC Berkeley Center for New Media, SFMOMA's Public Knowledge Initiative, the UC Berkeley School of Journalism and Boalt School of Law.
Campaign Volunteer Brian Emerick dances with a rainbow Pride flag outside of San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Lenos campaign headquarters ahead of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Email: lauren.hernandez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ByLHernandez
Justin Phillips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
His columns run Tuesday and Friday.
$15.
6-8:30 p.m., Lawton Alternative School, Lawton Street between 30th and 31st avenues, San Francisco.
Email: cnolte@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @carlnoltesf
Latino Democratic Club: Monthly meeting.
Scott Strazzante/The Chronicle
Jessica Christian / The Chronicle
California Wildfires Scorch Marijuana Crops Associated Press
Laura Morton/Special to The Chronicle
256 Columbus Ave. (
6:30 p.m., 312 Sutter St., Suite 200, San Francisco.
In the affirmative, Mike Godwin of R Street Institute and Berin Szoka, president of TechFreedom.
-- Rachel Swan
Vivian Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Sign up for the newsletter here and contact King at jking@sfchronicle.com
6-7:15 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
A voter deposit's ballots for the state's primary elections at a drop off box outside the Sacramento County Registrar of Voters, Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
AUG.
This year, the fund has seen a huge uptick of need as it helps those affected by COVID-19 pandemic and its economic fallout.
Peter Fimrite is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
5 p.m., Osher Marin Jewish Community Center, Hoytt Theater, 200 North San Pedro Road, San Rafael.
Dominic Fracassa is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
$27 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $8 for students.
Email: tbravo@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TonyBravoSF
Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli.
Every day we have published live updates to reflect the most critical local, national and global updates on COVID-19, and this news is free of charge in an effort to keep our community safe and informed.
Sign up for the newsletter here and contact Brown at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com
Joe Garofoli is the San Francisco Chronicle's senior political writer.
C.
Todd Trumbull
$8.
Jeff Chiu/Associated Press
.
What eras inspire your style?
In case you missed it
The intrigue in the race to replace ... more
6:30 p.m., Rinconada library, 1213 Newell Road, Palo Alto.
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Phillip Matier appears Sundays and Wednesdays.
New Cold War: A discussion of the new conflicts between the United States and Russia, with Russia scholar Stephen Cohen and Katrina vanden Heuvel, editor and publisher of the Nation magazine.
No injuries were reported.
Jonathan Baxter.
Text-bank training: Sister District SF and Open Progress host hands-on training for text-banking.
6:30 p.m., 344 Thomas L. Berkley Way, Oakland.
Charge: conspiracy to commit racketeering
Brian Feulner / Special to The Chronicle
Silicon Valley Pride: A weekend of LGBTQ Pride events.
Nick Otto/Special to The Chronicle
There's a lot of uncertainty and discomfort most everywhere you look.
Stacey Abrams campaign: Ashley Robinson, political director of Stacey Abrams' campaign for Georgia governor, and Genny Castillo, director of the campaign's Latinx constituency efforts, discuss the lessons they learned and how to engage people of color in the political process.
Chronicle staff writer Bob Egelko contributed to this report.
JULY 6
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact the writer at gwendolyn.wu@sfchronicle.com.
Feminism in China: Journalist and author Leta Hong Fincher discusses the rise of feminism in China.
What are you wearing tonight?
6:30-8 p.m., 312 Sutter St., Suite 200, San Francisco.
California state Treasurer John Chiang arrives to casts his vote at a polling station inside the First Christian Church in Torrance, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Amy Osborne/Special to The Chronicle
New citizen voting: Democracy Action volunteers will register new citizens to vote following swearing-in ceremonies.
- Heather Knight
You can tell us your thoughts online at SFChronicle.com by using our Assignment Editor tool, or send an email (which can include a photo) with the subject line "Good News" to metro@sfchronicle.com.
Sponsored by ANSWER.
Andy Picon (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
He can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip?
His column appears every Sunday.
Susie Neilson (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
-- Jill Tucker
Twitter: @joegarofoli
No kidding.
Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a candidate for California governor,walks away from the podium after delivering his remarks at an election-night watch party Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Los ... more
7-8:30 p.m. in the City Council chambers, 1 Frank Ogawa Plaza, Oakland.
Erin Allday is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
-- J.K. Dineen
2:30-4 p.m., St. Mark's Church Auditorium, 1111 O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
Mike Kai Chen/Special to The Chronicle
Act locally: East Bay Democrats Sen. Nancy Skinner and Assemblywoman Buffy Wicks on "how to save the world with local politics."
Melissa Lyttle/The New York Times) less
Virus updates
110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
Tech politics: Candidates for statewide and Bay Area offices invited to discuss issues of importance to Silicon Valley and the technology industry.
28
5:30 p.m. More information is here.
Twitter: @jfwildermuth
$5-$10 donation.
MARCH 28
Mallory Moench is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
3 p.m. More information is here.
TUESDAY
Democrats are facing a potentially destructive California primary vote Tuesday for an unlikely reason: too many viable candidates are running for the same U.S. House seats.
Email: jordan.parker@sfchronicle.com.
Citrus Heights residents Joesph DeAngelo has been charged with murder in one off the cases and is suspected to have killed up many more.
San Francisco
Email: cnolte@sfchronicle.com
MARCH 18
4 p.m., Institute of Governmental Studies library, 109 Moses Hall, UC Berkeley.
Register here.
Climate politics meetup: A session on how to get involved in green politics, hosted by Fabrice Florin, director of Green Change, a nonprofit climate action network in Marin County.
Nina Riggio/The Chronicle
Janelle Bitker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Bob Bragman is a producer for SFGATE.
The 40-year-old nurse was waiting for her mother to arrive at the polling station so they could vote together.
MARCH 6
Holly Honderich is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
The Political Punch newsletter publishes Tuesdays and Thursdays between noon and 3 p.m. It is produced by the staff of The San Francisco Chronicle and edited by politics editor Trapper Byrne.
Filipa Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
1 p.m. Book Passage, 51 Tamal Vista Blvd.,
415) 927-0960.
A voter fills out a ballot inside a polling station at a Ross Valley fire station on June 5, 2018 in San Anselmo, California.
Palmer Lamb wears an elaborate costume and roller skates while campaigning for San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno ahead of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
KSBW
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno sorts a Harvey Milk pin while greeting supporters at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, ... more
Lauren Hernandez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
6:30-8:30 p.m., 55 Fillmore St., San Francisco.
Cynthia Dizikes is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Newsom chief of staff: Gov. Gavin Newsom's chief of staff, Ann O'Leary, discusses her job and goals.
JULY 30
Joe Garofoli is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Panelists talk about the controversies, risks, and challenges surrounding legalization.
Atlas fire victims describe inferno in Napa county San Francisco Chronicle
Email: jordan.parker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jparkerwrites
Santa Rosa businesses burn in Tubbs Fire San Francisco Chronicle
Email: cdizikes@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @cdizikes
less
The Chronicle began covering the coronavirus crisis before the first cases were reported in the Bay Area and a pandemic was declared in 2020.
James Tensuan / Special to The Chronicle
Chronicle staff writer Rachel Swan contributed to this report.
Email: kfagan@sfchronicle.com
Wildfires ravage Santa Rosa San Francisco Chronicle
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com.
$15 per symposium.
AP Photo/Richard Vogel) less
Women's political leadership: A forum on "Power and Parity: Women's Political Leadership."
Email: wbrown@sfchronicle.com
7-9 p.m., City Council chambers, 1333 Park Ave.
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Otis R. Taylor Jr. appears Mondays and Thursdays.
6:30-8 p.m., Cambria Gallery, 1045 Bryant St., San Francisco.
6:30 p.m. More information is here.
$18.
MAY 11
$35 for nommembers, $10 for students.
Sponsored by the Better Angels Alliance of San Francisco.
Helping and getting help
Email: mcabanatuan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ctuan
World Affairs Council discussion with Martha Saavedra, associate director at the Center for African Studies at UC Berkeley and an expert in the relationship between sport and development.
The second part is a nonpartisan analysis of the five initiatives on the state ballot and Regional Measure 3, which would raise bridge tolls to pay for transportation projects.
Why not?
Email:
Paul George, executive director of the Peninsula Peace and Justice Center in Palo Alto, gives a talk on "Trump Nukes the Iran Accord: What Happens Next?"
$30 nonmembers, $10 students.
LGBTQ and the high court: A discussion on the future of LGBTQ rights under a changing U.S. Supreme Court.
Email: mallory.moench@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @mallorymoench
$35, $10 for students.
Max Boot: Council on Foreign Relations senior fellow and Washington Post columnist discusses his book "The Corrosion of Conservatism: Why I Left the Right" at the Commonwealth Club.
Michael Williams is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Twitter: @rachelswan
JUNE 23
Preventing nuclear war: Free forum marking 50th anniversary of Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty features ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern and anti-nuclear activists Jacqueline Cabasso and Marylia Kelley.
Twitter: @michael_bodley
Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle 2018
Free to $40.
Photo: Scott Strazzante / The Chronicle
What to eat and drink
Yalonda M. James/The Chronicle 2021
Hamed Aleaziz is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
George Marshall and China: A look at the year after World War II when Gen. George Marshall was in China, trying to help the country build a democracy.
Here's what you need to know:
7 p.m., Castro Theatre, 429 Castro St., San Francisco.
$20 for non-World Affairs Council members, $7 for students.
Paras Vineyards goes up in flames San Francisco Chronicle
Email: ricardo.cano@sfchronicle.com
www.bookpassage.com.
MARCH 5
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle
We reorganized the newsroom to dedicate nearly every resource to stories focusing on the health and economic disasters.
Now Playing:
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact Brown at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com
Tesla has released renderings of the new Tesla Semi, which is expected to be in production in 2019.
Berkeley firefighter video KTVU
Newsom is expected to claim the top spot in the California gubernatorial primary election ahead of republican candidate John Cox and former Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a democrat.
Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com
Video: KCRA
Gary Kamiya is the author of the best-selling book "Cool Gray City of Love: 49 Views of San Francisco," awarded the Northern California Book Award in creative nonfiction.
Call (415) 777-8815, or e-mail matierandross@sfchronicle.com.
Email: jpalomino@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JoaquinPalomino
Email: jdineen@sfchronicle.com
Eric Risberg/Associated Press
Registration and more information here.
Bay Briefing is written by Gwendolyn Wu and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
Nathaniel Y. Downes/The Chronicle
Email: kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Michael Cabanatuan contributed to this report.
Photo: Jessica Christian / The Chronicle
Perhaps.
Gabrielle Lurie / The Chronicle
Twitter: @TatianaYSanchez
Michaela Vatcheva, Freelance / Special to The Chronicle
Sponsored by Indivisible Marin.
About the Broken Care series San Francisco spends nearly $400 million a year on mental health and addiction treatment, but thousands of people in crisis are still without sufficient care.
Number of individuals and families helped: More than 160,000 (approximately 4,500 individuals and families annually)
- Neal J. Riley
Administrative costs are covered by The San Francisco Chronicle and the Evelyn and Walter Haas Jr. Fund.
Mayor Libby Schaaf: Oakland's mayor in conversation at Manny's.
Josh Harder/TJ Cox: Newly elected Central Valley Democratic House members hold a thank-you event with Bay Area campaign volunteers.
Bronte Wittpenn / The Chronicle
JULY 10
Hosted by KPFA-FM.
Bay Briefing is sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
22
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Lauren Hernandez contributed to this report.
Email: avainshtein@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @annievain
2 p.m. More information is here.
E-mail: cmarinucci@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @cmarinucci
7:30 p.m., First Congregational Church, 2345 Channing Way, Berkeley.
San Francisco mayoral candidate, Angela Alioto, talks to the press during her election party at the Taverna Aventine in San Francisco, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
The Chronicle Season of Sharing Fund: Since its inception in 1986, the Season of Sharing Fund has distributed $177 million to help Bay Area residents with critical needs.
7-9 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St. More information is here.
Full bar.
7:30 p.m., Herbst Theater, 401 Van Ness Ave.,
Resolve Amid Ruin San Francisco Chronicle
$12, benefits KPFA-FM.
A voter peals off an "I Voted" sticker at a polling location in Larkspur, California, U.S., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
5:30 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
E-mail: metro@sfchronicle.com
State Sen. Scott Wiener: San Francisco Democrat holds a town hall meeting.
www.makeoutroom.com.
Uniform Crime Reports -- UCR) San Francisco Police Dept.
Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) less
$32.50 and up.
11 a.m.-12:30 p.m.; venue to be announced.
Shwanika Narayan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
California fires KCRA
Email her at mrobertson@sfchronicle.com or find her on Twitter at @mrobertsonsf.
30
-- John Wildermuth
Tony Bravo is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
San Mateo. (
Email: joshua.sharpe@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joshuawsharpe
Sound familiar?
Tal Kopan (she/her) is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent.
6:30 p.m., New Valencia Hall, 747 Polk St., San Francisco.
$25 and up.
Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dominicfracassa
Roland Li is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
E-mail: kfagan@sfchronicle.com
Start receiving breaking news emails on wildfires, civil emergencies, riots, national breaking news, Amber Alerts, weather emergencies, and other critical events with the SFGATE breaking news email.
Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate
Ethan Swope/The Chronicle
27
-- Kurtis Alexander
American Jews and Israel: Former Knesset member Yossi Beilin, chairman of the "Geneva Initiative," on the relationship between Israelis and American Jews today and where we go from here.
Sarah Ravani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Marlena Sloss/Special to The Chronicle
Gary Kamiya's Portals of the Past tells those lost stories, using a specific location to illuminate San Francisco's extraordinary history - from the days when giant mammoths wandered through what is now North Beach to the Gold Rush delirium, the dot-com madness and beyond.
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com
YouTube employees leave the scene after police responded to active shooter situation at YouTube facility in San Bruno, Calif., on Tuesday, April 3, 2018.
Brexit: The Irish perspective: Irish Consul General Robert O'Driscoll, Irish native Matt Regan of the Bay Area Council and Irish journalist and historian Myles Dungan discuss Brexit and its implications for Ireland.
$20.
8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St., Berkeley.
Honoring Ellsberg: Daniel Ellsberg will be given the Fred Cody Award for Lifetime Achievement and Service at the 37th annual Northern California Book Awards.
Race and medicine: Panel discussion on the impact of race in medicine.
Carlos Avila Gonzalez/The Chronicle
6:30 p.m. $30 for nonmembers, $10 for students.
Andrew McCabe: Former FBI deputy director speaks at the Commonwealth Club.
Read the full story.
Campaign Volunteer Brian Emerick dances with a rainbow Pride flag outside of San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Lenos campaign headquarters ahead of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San ... more
APRIL 11
Every corner in San Francisco has an astonishing story to tell.
Oakland budget: Oakland City Councilman Loren Taylor holds a meeting with District Six constituents to discuss the city's proposed two-year budget.
California could play a determining role in upsetting Republican control the U.S. Congress, as Democrats hope to win 10 of the 14 seats held by Republicans.
E-mail: cmarinucci@sfchronicle.com Twitter @cmarinucci
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Jill Tucker contributed to this report.
Email: egreen@sfchronicle.com
6:30-7:45 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
A memorial service is pending.
More infomation is here.
Bay Area residents reacted strongly to one of the bigger storms seen in 2018.
APRIL 18
Email: tstienstra@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @StienstraTom
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact the writers at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com, anna.buchmann@sfchronicle.com and kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com.
contributed to this report.
July 23, 2017.
Tales of the housing crisis Housing is one of the Bay Area's most troubling issues.
***
Structures burning on Patrick Rd.
JAN.
Email: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com.
JUNE 4
Symposium runs from 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Oct. 19 at 310 Banatao Auditorium, Sutardja Dai Hall, UC Berkeley.
Noon-1 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
13.
Supervisor candidate forum: Candidates in San Francisco District 10 -- Theo Ellington, Tony Kelly and Shamann Walton -- appear in a forum.
$40 for nonmembers, $10 for students.
Lateefah Simon and Michael Tubbs: Racial justice advocate Lateefah Simon and Stockton Mayor Michael Tubbs in a conversation to discuss politics, spirituality, justice and the future.
Tatiana Sanchez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
W. Kamau Bell: Political comedian teams up with Mother Jones to talk about the 2020 election.
$22 nonmembers, $8 students.
10 a.m., 101 Lombard Condominiums community rooms, 101 Lombard St., San Francisco.
Dominic Fracassa and Trisha Thadani are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
The intrigue in the race to replace departing California ... more
Get out the vote: Register to vote, learn about legislation affecting local communities and network with social justice advocates.
6 p.m., Covo, 981 Mission St., San Francisco.
Email: shwanika.narayan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @shwanika Instagram: @shwanika
17
Coronavirus updates
6 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St., Berkeley.
7:30 p.m., Sidney Goldstein Theatre, 275 Hayes St., San Francisco.
Tom Stienstra is The San Francisco Chronicle's outdoors writer.
510) 339-8210.
$7-$20.
7:30 p.m., St. John's Presbyterian Church, 2727 College Avenue, Berkeley.
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Phil Matier appears Sundays and Wednesdays.
$12 advance, $15 at the door.
-- Emily Green
This is the 13th year Energage has surveyed Bay Area employees and its first year working with The San Francisco Chronicle.
U.S.-Japan: Author and trade expert Glen Fukushima discusses U.S.-Japanese relations in the age of President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
See highlights from her barrier-breaking career.
510) 238-9200.
Inside the newsroom Anonymous sources: The Chronicle strives to attribute all information we report to credible, reliable, identifiable sources.
Hosted by the Commonwealth Club.
Email: nami.sumida@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @namisumida
Sam Whiting is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
FEB.
Food Guide Top 25 Restaurants Where to eat in the Bay Area.
Hosted by Manny's.
5:30 p.m., Temescal Works, 490 43rd St., Oakland.
Speakers include Danielle Nierenberg of Food Tank, Chronicle food writer Justin Phillips, Tom Philpott of Mother Jones, Leigh Gaymon-Jones of the Castanea Fellowship and Chez Panisse founder Alice Waters.
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact Taylor Kate Brown at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com.
7 p.m., Unitarian Universalists of San Mateo, 300 East Santa Inez Ave.,
$6.
Email: dbaker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DavidBakerSF
Email: clochhead@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @carolynlochhead
That's it.
8 a.m.-7:30 p.m., 555 Market St., San Francisco.
Lauren Hepler (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
1
6 p.m., Zocalo Coffeehouse, 645 Bancroft Ave.,
Medea Benjamin on Iran: Code Pink and Global Exchange co-founder on "Inside Iran: The Real History and Politics of the Islamic Republic of Iran."
Online extra
There are several highly competitive races throughout the state as California has become an essential factor to Democratic hopes for taking back control of the House.
JULY 11
Half of Santa Rosa neighborhood suffers fire damage, the other does not KTVU
Emails or other communications you send become the property of The Chronicle and may be published online and in print.
1317 San Pablo Ave.,
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Justin Phillips appears Sundays.
Rich Pedroncelli/Associated Press
535 Kelly Ave.
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Instagram: @sfchronicle_art
Bay Briefing is edited by Taylor Kate Brown and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
Email: brett.simpson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @brettvsimpson
APRIL 6
Twitter: @jparkerwrites.
MARCH 4
E-mail: jvanderbeken@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jvanderbeken
7-8 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
A voter casts a ballot at a polling location inside a Toyota Motor Corp. car dealership in Manhattan Beach, California, U.S., on Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
No one was injured.
6 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
she said.
Dolores Huerta: A conversation on activism and the future of America.
Here's what you need to know.
Don Feria/Special to The Chronicle
Women in leadership: Second annual Celebrate Women in Leadership networking mixer, sponsored by the Alameda County Commission on the Status of Women.
Carbon neutral: Can California go carbon neutral?
Cannabis growers: Updates for cannabis growers on proposed San Francisco tax legislation and cannabis commission, and on labor law.
25-26
If you have ideas for the City Exposed, e-mail Mike Kepka at mkepka@sfchronicle.com.
The 40-year-old nurse was waiting for her mother to arrive at the polling station so they could vote ... more
Attorney General Jeff Sessions spoke in Sacramento on Wednesday, the day after the federal government filed a lawsuit against California for its sanctuary state policies.
7 p.m., Berkeley Repertory Theater, 2015 Addison St., Berkeley.
$20 for nonmembers, $8 for students.
7 p.m., Osher Marin JCC's Hoytt Theater, 200 North San Pedro Road, San Rafael.
JUNE 9
7:30 p.m., Congregation Beth Emek, 3400 Nevada Court, Pleasanton.
Sponsored by San Francisco Public Library and Coalition for Nuclear Disarmament.
8:30 a.m., Pioneer Log Cabin picnic area in Golden Gate Park.
A look inside a NorCal wildfire evacuation center KCRA
St. John Barned-Smith is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
To list an event, email Politics Editor Trapper Byrne at tbyrne@sfchronicle.com
Brittany Hosea-Small / Special to The Chronicle
Bay Briefing is sent to readers' email in-boxes on weekday mornings.
Tell us your story: www.sfchronicle.com/housingstories
His columns appear Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Kimberlee Weaver, left, an election worker for the Sacramento County Registrar of Voters, hands an "I Voted" sticker to a voter during the state's primary elections, Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
FREE Gold Dust Lounge Johnny Z and the Camaros.
8, San Francisco.
www.jazzatpearls.com.
Email: andy.picon@hearst.com Twitter: @andpicon
6 p.m. More information is here.
Email: egreen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @emilytgreen
Read more here.
Oakland mayoral forum: Ten candidates for Oakland mayor take part in a forum sponsored by the League of Women Voters.
6:30 p.m. at Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Noah Berger/Special to The Chronicle
D4 supervisor forum: Candidates forum for San Francisco supervisorial District 4.
Email: danielle.echeverria@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DanielleEchev
Twitter: @egelko
Kate Munsch / Special to The Chronicle
Steve Israel: Former New York congressman, House Democrats' chief political strategist from 2011-15, speaks at the Commonwealth Club.
Upcoming political events in the Bay Area:
JULY 27
Email: eallday@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @erinallday
Video: Ted Andersen, SFGATE
Video: Caron Creighton
Anna Bauman is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Listen on your favorite app
Nick Otto / Special to The Chronicle
7-9 p.m., Unitarian Universalists of San Mateo, 300 E. Santa Inez Ave.,
Email: roland.li@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @rolandlisf
From the San Francisco earthquake of April 18, 1906 and its aftermath.
Israeli politics and the media: A discussion with Anat Balint, an Israeli scholar who writes about political and economic pressures brought on the Israeli media and questions of journalism ethics and freedom of the press.
SATURDAY
Ashley McBride is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
6 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
$30 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $10 for students.
More:
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
as seen on Mon.
Sign up for the newsletter here.
$7.
Animal issues: State Sen. Nancy Skinner, D-Berkeley, speaks about humane issues to the East Bay Animal PAC.
Email: jessica.flores@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jesssmflores
Every Saturday, Gary Kamiya's Portals of the Past will tell one of those lost stories, using a specific location to illuminate San Francisco's extraordinary history -- from the days when giant mammoths wandered through what is now North Beach, to the Gold Rush delirium, the dot-com madness and beyond.
Alvin A.H. Jornada/Special to The Chronicle
Gun violence prevention: A community forum with Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, and members of Congregation Shomrei Torah's Social Action Committee.
Email: michael.williams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @michaeldamianw
* * *
5:30 p.m., McLaren Conference Center, 2130 Fulton St., San Francisco.
Legal marijuana: Is legalization of recreational use of marijuana a good idea?
Andres Picon is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
APRIL 28
Right-wing studies: UC Berkeley's Center for Right-Wing Studies holds a three-day conference hosting scholars whose work deals with the right as a social, political andintellectual phenomenon from the 19th century to the present day.
6 p.m., David Brower Center, 2150 Allston Way, Berkeley.
Email: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @pfimrite
Email: julie.johnson@sfchronicle.com.
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Heather Knight usually appears Sundays and Tuesdays.
Oakland debate watch party: For the Democratic presidential candidates debate.
Blanchard; John
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Alexei Koseff contributed to this report.
This is a carousel.
Email: jking@sfchronicle.com
Green New Deal: A town hall on the congressional climate-change resolution, sponsored by the Sunrise Movement.
Currently Reading
1 p.m. lunch, 2:30 p.m. program.
Read more from Gregory Thomas.
Kate Galbraith is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Yalonda M. James/The Chronicle
Emma Talley is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
9:30 a.m. More information is here.
$15, $5 for students.
GLBT History Museum, 4127 18th St., San Francisco.
More from Datebook:
JUNE 27
Case for nationalism: Rich Lowry, editor of the National Review, makes the case for nationalism as the core of conservative ideology.
Pink Triangle: Volunteers needed to put together the Pink Triangle on Twin Peaks for Pride Weekend.
MARCH 3
Sophia Bollag is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Sarahbeth Maney / The Chronicle
Gubernatorial candidate and former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa gives a statement at an election-night watch party Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Los Angeles.
Bay Briefing is written by Kellie Hwang and Anna Buchmann and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
John King/The Chronicle
Robert Reich: Writer, public policy professor and former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich discusses his new book, "The Common Good," in a benefit for KPFA-FM.
All donations go directly to help people in need, with administrative costs covered by The Chronicle and the Walter and Evelyn Haas Jr. Fund.
Email: cnolte@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @CarlnolteSF
Email: jdineen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SFjkdineen
$25 for members, $10 for students.
Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle
Speakers are Zeiad Abbas Shamrouch, a Palestinian from the West Bank, and Richard Becker of the ANSWER Coalition, author of "Palestine, Israel and the U.S. Empire."
Lauren Hepler is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
-- Michael Cabanatuan
Noon, 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
Voters walk to a precinct place at the Sierra 2 Center for the Arts and Community to cast their ballots Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Voters are casting ballots in California's primary election, ... more
Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle
Carolyn Lochhead is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent.
Matt Kawahara is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Mark DeSaulnier, D-Concord, and Karen Bass, D-Los Angeles, appear at a town hall meeting about racial issues.
Carl Nolte's column appears Sundays.
APRIL 26
A Borusman Mannessmann Pipe employee writes one of 15 notes workers at the plant will be sending to elected officials to grant the plant a waiver on steel tariffs.
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno greets supporters at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
To list an event, email Politics Editor Trapper Byrne at tbyrne@sfchronicle
Now Playing: Democratic presidential hopeful Joe Biden has named California Sen. Kamala Harris as his running mate.
Lauren Hernandez (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
April 9, 2018, in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle
12
Subscribe to The Chronicle's Bay Briefing newsletter and get the Bay Area's best journalism in your inbox every weekday.
E-mail: jking@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @johnkingsfchron
Joshua Sharpe is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: susie.neilson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @susieneilson
E-mail: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @MelodyGutierrez
Email: cho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Cat_Ho
The FBI has released these evidence photos from crimes suspected to have been commited by the East Area Rapist, also known as the Golden State Killer.
Speaker will be Daniel Kurtz-Phelan, executive editor of Foreign Affairs.
9 p.m. $10.
People react to a shooting at YouTube's San Bruno campus.
E-mail: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SFCityInsider
4 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno goes over talking points with a campaign aid at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle
2-4 p.m., Richmond District branch library, 351 Ninth Ave.,
I asked.
Email: jwildermuth@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jfwildermuth
Abolishing life sentences: A discussion with Marc Mauer and Ashley Nellis of the Sentencing Project; Keith Wattley, founder and executive director of UnCommon Law; and Miguel Quezada, former life-sentenced UnCommon Law client.
Rating: TWO STARS
Nami Sumida (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle data visualization developer.
Noam Chomsky: Political activist and social critic on "What Hope for Palestine-and Beyond?
Sean Spicer: Former press secretary for President Trump talks about media bias and the threat it poses to the U.S. Sponsored by Berkeley College Republicans.
Email: mbodley@sfchronicle.com.
Keynote presentations, panel discussions and interactive breakouts featuring political and advocacy leaders.
Sound bite
4-5:30 p.m., Banatao Auditorium, UC Berkeley.
Napa resident talks about evacuating due to fire San Francisco Chronicle
Read more from Lauren Hepler.
Drought Map Track water shortages and restrictions across Bay Area Updated to include drought zones while tracking water shortage status of your area, plus reservoir levels and a list of restrictions for the Bay Area's largest water districts.
Heather Knight is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer who covers City Hall politics.
Kellie Hwang is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Chronicle staff writer Mallory Moench contributed to this report.
Voters are casting ballots in ... more
Here's what you need to know to start your day
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno prepares to speak to his supporters at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
More information about that and other events is here.
Also:
Indigenous resistance: Nick Estes, author of "Our History is the Future," traces iIndigenous resistance from the days of the Indian Wars through the campaign for indigenous rights at the United Nations.
Gloria Steinem: Feminist leader in conversation with Favianna Rodriguez, moderated by Lauren Schiller.
7 p.m., SFJAZZ, 201 Franklin St., San Francisco.
Until now.
Not this time.
Time-lapse video shows smoke over Bay Area San Francisco Chronicle
Assembly candidates forum: Jovanka Beckles and Buffy Wicks, candidates in Assembly District 15 in the East Bay, participate in a League of Women Voters forum.
The Political Punch newsletter publishes every Tuesday and Thursday between noon and 3 p.m. It is produced by the staff of the San Francisco Chronicle and edited by politics editor Trapper Byrne.
Brett Simpson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: nora.mishanec@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @NMishanec
$
Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com
Tuesday is a big Election Day in California, ... more
Left, Right and Center: A "rollicking examination" of national issues, with panelists Ana Marie Cox, host of "With Friends Like These"; Washington Post columnist Megan McArdle; and Business Insider senior editor Josh Barro.
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, tthadani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider, @TrishaThadani
JULY 25
JUNE 13
Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255 to reach a counselor at a locally operated crisis center 24 hours a day for free.
$25.
Amy Osborne/Special To The Chronicle
Many members of California's congressional delegation expressed support for the March for Our Lives on Twitter Saturday.
If you have specific concerns or a situation in which you require professional, psychological or medical help, you should consult with an appropriately trained and qualified specialist.
Email: rsimmons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Rusty_SFChron
Bay Briefing is written by Taylor Kate Brown and sent to readers' email in-boxes on weekday mornings.
Jacom Stephens / Getty Image
Sign up for Bay Briefing Like what you're reading?
Hosted by the Public Policy Institute of California.
A new study has identified the most dangerous intersections for pedestrians in the city.
-- John King
Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@sfchronicle.com.
Annie Ma is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact Brown at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com.
$20 for nonmembers, $7 for students.
she asked. "
Email: avainshtein@sfchronicle.com
he said.
Installation ceremonies begin at 7 a.m. Saturday, with installation itself starting at 10 a.m. Take-down from 4:30-8 p.m. Sunday.
19
Sponsored by Mount Diablo Peace and Justice Center.
Susie Neilson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
To donate, visit www.seasonofsharing.org/donate.
Email: rswan@sfchronicle.com
Photo by Joel Angel Juarez / Special to The Chronicle) Photo: Joel Angel Juarez / Special To The Chronicle
Rock the Congress: Event engaging new and experienced activists and facilitate collaboration among progressive grassroots group leaders to win elections.
California state Treasurer John Chiang, left, talks to supporters after casting his vote by mail at a polling station inside the First Christian Church in Torrance, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
6:30 p.m., Park Branch Library, 1833 Page St., San Francisco.
But amid the darkness, there are rays of light: young people helping older neighbors, musicians and fitness coaches offering their talents online, neighbors having outdoor dance parties (using proper social distancing).
And why not?
Carl Nolte's columns run on Sunday.
Video: KTVU
Michael Macor / The Chronicle
Cmdr.
Gabrielle Lurie/The Chronicle
5:30 p.m., Main Library, Koret Auditorium, 100 Larkin Street, San Francisco.
Noon-1 p.m. 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
The first part of the program will provide an overview of where, when, and how to vote in the county, which is implementing a new system giving residents more ways and more days to vote.
Nami Sumida is a San Francisco Chronicle data visualization developer.
8:30 p.m. 247 Powell St. (415) 397-1695.
The group's clock, an indication of how close it believes the world is to nuclear war, is now set at two minutes to midnight.
-- Carolyn Lochhead
5
Black History Month discussion: San Francisco workers organizing against racist and sexist harassment on their jobs speak out, including Brenda Barros, SEIU 2021 chapter president; representatives of Erase Racism and Strength in Numbers, a worker-led Water Department group; and plumber Amy Gray-Schlink, with the Freedom Socialist Party.
Which Napa wineries burned in wildfires?
$12 advance tickets.
3-7 p.m., Mercury 20 Gallery, 475 25th St., Oakland.
Email: kfagan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KevinChron
Read more details here.
Gender issues and political identity: Rose McDermott, international relations professor at Brown University, discusses gender issues and leaders' emotional manipulation of political identity.
Evacuations were ordered as dry, hot winds fueled a wildfire burning out of control Sunday in rural Northern California, sending a stream of smoke some 75 miles (120 kilometers) south into the San Francisco Bay Area.
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Rep. Jackie Speier: Peninsula Democrat in conversation for KQED-FM's "Live on Stage With Michael Krasny."
UrgentCareSF
Email: jking@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @johnkingsfchron
Opportunities for public involvement in observation corps and writing education materials.
-- Kevin Fagan
510 Embarcadero W., Oakland. (
Chris Christie: Former GOP governor of New Jersey discusses his new book, "Let Me Finish," and his relationship with President Trump.
Photo: Jessica Christian, The Chronicle
"Really?
6:30-8 p.m., San Francisco LGBT Community Center, 1800 Market St. More information is here.
8 p.m. $10.
Around the bay
Gov. Gavin Newsom (L) smiles as he walks through Rustic Bakery on June 5, 2018 in Larkspur, California.
E-mail: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com
Email: pete.grieve@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @pete_grieve
Podcast Club: Like a book club, only with podcasts.
Here's why.
Liz Hafalia/The Chronicle
Keep the people and situations in your letter anonymous by changing the names (including yours) and details.
Email: tbyrne@sfchronicle.com.
Shira Stein is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent.
Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kveklerov
Megan Cassidy is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
7:30 p.m. Kepler's, 1010 El Camino Real, Menlo Park. (
Free/ 3-5 p.m., Oakland Asian Cultural Center, 388 Ninth St., Suite 290, Oakland.
Email: mgutierrez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @MelodyGutierrez
Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, The Chronicle
Read The Chronicle's story.
AP Photo/Noah Berger) less
he asked.
Chronicle]
he asked. "
Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle
Lunch, dinner daily.
Call 415-777-8815, or email matierandross@ sfchronicle.com.
$12 in advance, $15 at the door.
No.
1 p.m., Main Public Library's Koret Auditorium, 100 Larkin St., San Francisco.
Use of this column is not intended to replace or substitute for any professional, financial, medical, legal, or other professional advice.
Chronicle staff writer Michael Cabanatuan contributed to this report.
Call 415-777-8815, or email pmatier@sfchronicle.com.
APRIL 25-27
$3-$10.
-- Joe Garofoli
Her column appears Fridays in Datebook.
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email her at apereira@sfchronicle.com or find her on Twitter at @alyspereira.
Noon-2 p.m., Walnut Creek Civic Park, 1375 Civic Drive, Walnut Creek.
Assemblywoman Rebecca Bauer-Kahan: East Bay Democrat holds a town hall meeting.
Video: Matthias Gafni, Erika Carlos
Trivia time
Greg Gutfeld: Fox News host speaks at the Commonwealth Club.
Sponsored by the Long Now Foundation and Asia Society of Northern California.
$2-$5 donation.
Citrus Heights residents Joesph DeAngelo has been charged ... more
A firefighter was killed battling the fast moving Carr Fire which has burned over 28,000 acres and destroyed ... more
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, tthadani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider @TrishaThadani
Stephen Lam/Special to The Chronicle
11.
The story is here.
Email: gthomas@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @GregRThomas
Twitter: @matierandross
Now Playing: Inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement, local artists and community members paint over boarded-up storefronts in Downtown Oakland.
Read the details here.
- John Cote
10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Paramount Theatre, 2025 Broadway, Oakland.
San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno goes over talking points with a campaign aid at his campaign headquarters during of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, June ... more
His column appears every other Saturday, alternating with Peter Hartlaub's OurSF.
Mark Winema / Getty Images / Mark Wineman / Getty Images
Catherine Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Paul Chinn / The Chronicle
Email: susie.neilson@sfchronicle.com
Michael Short / Special to The Chronicle
Reservations and credit cards accepted.
$18 in advance, $25 at the door.
E-mail: egreen@sfchronicle.com
Chinese exclusion laws and Muslims: A discussion of how anti-immigrant violence led to the the Chinese exclusion laws of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and on the experience of Muslims in the U.S. after 9/11, with authors Beth Lew-Williams and Sylvia Chan-Malik.
Dan Pfeiffer: "Pod Save America" podcast co-host on "A Plan to Make America a Democracy Again."
Under Prop.
Email: ryce.stoughtenborough@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @rstoughts
Email: esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @EvanSernoffsky
Climate politics: Environmental justice advocate Mustafa Ali, scientist and former House candidate Jess Phoenix and Mother Jones reporter Rebecca Leber discuss climate politics and the possibilities for grassroots action.
Weather cooperating, Firefighters making good progress in No.
DeRay Mckesson: Black Lives Matter activist and "Pod Save the People" podcast host talks about his new book, "On the Other Side of Freedom: The Case for Hope."
Felix Uribe/Special to The Chronicle
Gov. Gavin Newsom.
UPDATE: Here are the latest updates on COVID in the Bay Area and California.
Photo: Stephen Lam, Special To The Chronicle
Valerie Jarrett: Former adviser to President Barack Obama discusses her book "Finding My Voice: My Journey to the West Wing and the Path Forward," in a Commonwealth Club event.
Welcome to "Pandemic Problems," an advice column from The Chronicle's engagement reporters that aims to help Bay Area residents solve their pandemic-related conundrums -- personal, practical or professional.
Rich Pedroncelli / Associated Press
Read more from Aidin Vaziri.
Read it here.
Please consider donating at www.seasonofsharing.org.
Nope.
Noon-1 p.m. at the Commonwealth Club, 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
7 p.m. Register here.
Jessica Flores is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Antonio Villaraigosa, left, a Democratic candidate for governor of California, with a voter, Dave Cardenas, after he cast his ballot in Los Angeles, June 5, 2018.
Text "Connect" to 741741 to reach a crisis counselor any time for free.
The investigation is ongoing.
Chase DiFeliciantonio is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Video: SFGATE
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
John Lanchester, Michael Lewis: Lanchester, author of "The Wall," and Lewis, author of "The Fifth Risk," in conversation at the Commonwealth Club.
Benjamin Fanjoy/Special to The Chronicle
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @samwhitingsf
Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
Registration and more information is here.
At left, Polling Inspector La Chon Baraka.
Emily Green is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Tom Stienstra is The Chronicle's outdoor writer.
While Prop.
Sponsored by the Lincoln Network.
From the San Francisco earthquake of April 18, 1906 and its aftermath. (
Rachel Swan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
An opportunity to connect with and celebrate local women in leadership.
C.W. Nevius is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist.
Chronicle Covers
-- Heather Knight
Sponsored by Inforum and NPR member station KCRW.
Rick Wilson: Republican strategist and Daily Beast columnist on "Saving America from Trump (and Democrats from Themselves)."
July 28: We answer your questions on homelessness and offer a guide to ways you can help.
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact the writers at taylor.brown@sfchronicle.com, anna.buchmann@sfchronicle.com, and kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com.
7 p.m., Grace Cathederal, 1100 California St., San Francisco.
The Political Punch newsletter publishes Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Corte Madera. (
11 a.m. More information is here.
5:30 p.m., La Pena Cultural Center, 3105 Shattuck Ave.,
Paul Chinn / The Chronicle 2018
Check.
Criminal justice reform: Jessica Jackson, national director and co-founder of #Cut50, discusses the newly enacted federal criminal justice reform legislation.
A home burns along Sunflower Road during the Carr Fire on July 27, 2018 in Redding, California.
Email: avainshtein@sfchronicle.com.
Email: kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com, mmassa@sfchronicle.com
E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale
E-mail: cnolte@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @carlnoltesf
Email: nora.mishanec@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @BobEgelko
To list an event, please email Chronicle politics editor Trapper Byrne at tbyrne@sfchronicle.com
Sign up for the Political Punch newsletter on our sign-up page.
Lt.
Twitter: @KevinChron
$25, $20 for students.
Tuesday is a big Election Day in California, and the country is watching.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) less
Leah Millis/The Chronicle
Email: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz
Email: jd.morris@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thejdmorris
Ricardo Cano is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Bay Briefing is written by Taylor Kate Brown, Anna Buchmann and Kellie Hwang and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
Watch party: For the Democratic presidential debate.
Peter Hartlaub is The San Francisco Chronicle's pop culture critic.
Alexei Koseff is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Bronte Wittpenn/The Chronicle
$0-$20.
Email: shira.stein@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @shiramstein
The Browns and California: Journalist Miriam Pawel, author of "The Browns of California: The Family Dynasty That Transformed a State and Shaped a Nation," discusses Pat Brown, Jerry Brown and the modern history of the state, at the Commonwealth Club.
MARCH 12
Nora Mishanec is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
$15 in advance, $20 at the door.
Events take place online unless otherwise noted:
Dan Pfeiffer: Co-host of "Pod Save America" in conversation at the Commonwealth Club.
Hundreds of protesters staged a demonstration against the Sacramento police department after two officers shot and killed Stephon Clark, an unarmed black man, in the backyard of his grandmother's house following a foot pursuit on Sunday evening. (
Tara Duggan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Services are pending.
after the Carr Fire burned out of control towards downtown Redding on Friday 27 July 2018 in Redding, CA.
To register and for more information, go here.
The fire is reportedly only 6 percent contained.
Gov. Eleni Kounalakis.
Hacking politics: Keynote address for weekend conference on how the political system is being "hacked."
He was 83.
Benefit for KPFA-FM.
Annie Vainshtein (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
SUNDAY
Editor's note Every corner in San Francisco has an astonishing story to tell.
Email: deepa.fernandes@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @deepafern
Twitter: @trapperbyrne
Email: erin.stone@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @erstone7
415) 291-8255.
Confronting transphobia: A conversation on how to end transphobia, hosted by the Freedom Socialist Party.
OCT.
4 p.m., online and at Golden Gate University, 536 Mission St., Room 2201, San Francisco.
5.
Safety protocols:
Twitter: @jilltucker
I don't know.
Jana Asenbrennerova/Special to The Chronicle
First Congregational Church of Berkeley, 2345 Channing Way, Berkeley.
AFP PHOTO / JOSH EDELSONJOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images less
E-mail: cwnevius@sfchronicle.com.
7 p.m. The Booksmith, 1644 Haight St., S.F. (415) 863-8688.
Email: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com.
JUNE 25
Michael Short/Special To The Chronicle
$30 general admission, $20 students.
Peter Hartlaub is The San Francisco Chronicle's culture critic.
Free, registration required.
Hosted by Center for Jewish Peoplehood.
Panelists include state Sen. Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco; Kate Hartley of the San Francisco Mayor's Office of Housing and Community Development; Matt Schwarz of the California Housing Partnership; Ramon Kochavi of Marcus and Millichap Commercial Real Estate Investment; Chris Martin of Housing California; and Zack Olmstead of the California Department of Housing and Community Development.
Bronte Wittpenn, photographer / The Chronicle
Mental Health SF
Email: tduggan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @taraduggan
64.
- Michael Cabanatuan
Email: jason.fagone@sfchronicle.com, cdizikes@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jfagone, @cdizikes
Email: tal.kopan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @talkopan
Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@ sfchronicle.com.
Sponsored by South Berkeley Now and North Berkeley Now.
Feinstein state director: A Q&A with Sen. Dianne Feinstein's state director, sponsored by Indivisible East Bay.
$15 and up.
Claire Hao is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
What's next for Iran?:
>
Presented by the Jack Citrin Center for Public Opinion.
E-mail: hknight@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @hknightsf
Twitter: @samwhitingsf
JUNE 18
Complete schedule is here.
EXTRA!
6:30 p.m., Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Chronicle staff writer J.D. Morris contributed to this report.
Palmer Lamb wears an elaborate costume and roller skates while campaigning for San Francisco mayoral candidate Mark Leno ahead of his election night party at Harvey Milk Plaza in San Francisco, Calif. Tuesday, ... more
Youth leaders: Young Bay Area activists describe their strategies to try to change policies and attract support in a Commonwealth Club event.
D.A. candidates debate: Candidates for San Francisco district attorney participate in a debate sponsored by the Bar Association of San Francisco and the University of San Francisco law school.
9 p.m. $5.
6:30-8:30 p.m. at the Archery, 470 Alabama St., San Francisco.
Email: holly.honderich@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @hollyhonderich
Antinuclear march: Rally and "the opportunity to peaceably risk arrest" at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to commemorate the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Michael Cabanatuan (he/him) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Think about it.
Now Playing: Wine Country Fires Video: San Francisco Chronicle
Indivisible S.F.: General meeting.
Email: sophia.bollag@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SophiaBollag
Chris Kaufman/Special to The Chronicle
$$
San Francisco. (
$25 for nonmembers, $10 for students.
To list an event, email tbyrne@sfchronicle.com
Carla Marinucci is The San Francisco Chronicle's senior political writer.
Firefighters battle a wildfire burning in Guinda, Calif., Sunday, July 1, 2018.
Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle
Rep. Eric Swalwell: Democratic presidential candidate in conversation at the Commonwealth Club.
Carolyn Said is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
14
Old Fountaingrove neighborhood destroyed by Tubbs Fire San Francisco Chronicle
APRIL 25
APRIL 24
1 p.m. More information is here.
Lizzie Johnson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Jason Fagone and Cynthia Dizikes are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
JULY 31
6:30 p.m., Diablo Valley College cafeteria, 321 Golf Club Road, Pleasant Hill.
Jonathan Kauffman is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
APRIL 17
$10.
One firefighter has died and at least two others have been injured as wind-whipped flames tore through the region.
7 p.m., Evans Hall, UC Berkeley.
Fire crews battle a wildfire near Cache Creek Road in Spring Valley, Calif., Monday, June 25, 2018.
Democrats are facing a potentially destructive California ... more
Tal Kopan is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent.
MAY 21
$25 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $10 for students.
Email: nasimov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @NanetteAsimov
8 a.m.-noon outside the lab, Vasco and Patterson Pass roads, Livermore.
This Porsche hit and injured a pedestrian at Sixth Street and Stevenson streets in San Francisco.
Email: eduardo.medina@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @byEduardoMedina
The case against free speech: P.E. Moskowitz, author of the new book "The Case Against Free Speech: The First Amendment, Fascism, and the Future of Dissent," discusses his argument that free speech is impossible in an unequal society dominated by corporations and the ultra-wealthy.
Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: joegarofoli
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, egreen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider, @emilytgreen
JUNE 22-24
$35 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $10 for students.
Email: rswan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @rachelswan
LIVE SHOWS
MAY 19
Bay Briefing is written by Gwendolyn Wu (she/her) and sent to readers' email inboxes on weekday mornings.
View of Tubbs Fire damage from SMART train San Francisco Chronicle
7:30 p.m., Angelico Hall, Dominican University, 50 Acacia Ave.,
Photos by Jessica Christian / The Chronicle
925) 254-7606.
Life after release: A panel discussion on removing barriers facing formerly incarcerated people, sponsored by TechEquity Collaborative.
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Bob Egelko contributed to this report.
The Chronicle's detailed policy governing the use of such sources, including the use of pseudonyms, is available on sfchronicle.com.
California could play a determining role in upsetting Republican control the U.S. Congress, as Democrats hope to win 10 ... more
1 p.m., San Francisco Main Library's Koret Auditorium, 100 Larkin St. More information is here.
Email: hknight@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @hknightsf
6:30-7:30 p.m., 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
Twitter: @hknightsf
E-mail: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko
Carl Nolte is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist.
From the collection of Bob Bragman Photo: Bob Bragman
Charisse Desmarais searches her remains of her mother's home San Francisco Chronicle
The Chronicle began covering the coronavirus crisis before the first cases were reported in the Bay Area and a pandemic was declared.
The Prop.
U.S.-Venezuela: Dan Kovalik discusses his new book, "The Plot to Overthrow Venezuela: How the U.S.Is Orchestrating a Coup for Oil," in a benefit for KPFA-FM.
E-mail: chjohnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @chjohnson
7 p.m., Galvanize-San Francisco, 44 Tehama St., fifth floor, San Francisco.
Carolyn Jones is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
11 a.m.-2 p.m., Oakland City Hall, 1 Frank Ogawa Plaza.
They include:
Stephen Lam/The Chronicle
to this report.
Place appears on Wednesdays.
7 p.m., Manny's, 3092 Mission St., San Francisco.
Manny's, 3092 16th St., San Francisco.
Family returns to charred home to find dog alive and well San Francisco Chronicle
Anne Lamott: Author reads from her book "Almost Everything" and talks with the Rev. John Dear "On Peace and Nonviolence."
E-mail: jdineen@sfchronicle.com
Want to sound off?
New citizen voting: Volunteers needed to register new U.S. citizens to vote after swearing-in ceremony.
Housing crisis: A discussion about the struggle to build enough affordable housing in California.
Indivisible East Bay: General meeting.
7 p.m. Book Passage, 51 Tamal Vista Blvd.,
$30 nonmembers, $8 students.
Police practices: League of Women Voters summit on improving police practices in San Francisco.
For his Gilded Cities art project, artist Erik Schmitt covered a number of utilitarian objects around the Bay Area with 23 karat gold leaf to convey the idea that the region has become "an enclave for the rich."
New Valencia Hall, 747 Polk St., San Francisco.
In Case You Missed It
Price: $$
Sponsored by the Outer Sunset/Parkside Residents Association.
Twitter: @pfimrite
California National Guard drops water on Wine Country Fires San Francisco Chronicle
Trisha Thadani and Dominic Fracassa are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
Now Playing: On March 16, many Bay Area residents were ordered to observe social distancing and shelter in place with hopes of flattening the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
Peter DaSilva/Special to The Chronicle
Photo: From The Collection Of B Bragman
6-9 p.m., 2410 Channing Way, Berkeley.
George Will: Washington Post columnist in conversation about the future of conservatism with the Commonwealth Club's Lenny Mendonca.
6:30-7:30 p.m., Marines Memorial Theater, 609 Sutter St., San Francisco.
Carl Nolte's columns appear in The San Francisco Chronicle's Sunday edition.
Samantha Laurey/The Chronicle
Twitter: @emilytgreen
Email: emma.talley@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @EmmaT332
Datebook
Inside the real China: Frank Langfitt, NPR correspondent and author of "The Shanghai Free Taxi," on the political and economic changes in China.
Photo: Belinda Rain/Documerica, EPA
The grassroots project responds to the civil unrest over police violence and systemic racism, sparked by the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis.
6:30 p.m., Marines' Memorial Theatre, 609 Sutter St., San Francisco.
3.
Email: tbyrne@sfchronicle.com
31
7 p.m., 2969 Mission St., San Francisco.
Rusty Simmons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
J.D. Morris is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Period.
Free, RSVP required.
Drought Map Track water shortages and restrictions across Bay Area Check the water shortage status of your area, plus see reservoir levels and a list of restrictions for the Bay Area's largest water districts.
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, rswan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider @rachelswan
Conversation about race: Reps.
Photo: Bob Bragman, Fr The Collection Of Bob Bragman
2 1 of 2
Jason Kander: President of Let America Vote and mayoral candidate in Kansas City, Mo., gives a talk at the Commonwealth Club.
E-mail: jdineen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfjkdineen
California Lt.
*Sen.
Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a candidate for California governor,walks away from the podium after delivering his remarks at an election-night watch party Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Los Angeles. (
People line up to cast their ballots in City Hall on Tuesday, June 5, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif.
Voters walk to a precinct place at the Sierra 2 Center for the Arts and Community to cast their ballots Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Voters are casting ballots in California's primary election, setting the stage for November races.
Sophie Haigney is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
E-mail: ljohnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @lizziejohnsonnn
Opponents of Prop.
It's sent twice a week, on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and provides an expert political perspective with a Golden State spin.
www.booksinc.net.
Read the full timeline:
Democrats are facing a potentially destructive California primary vote Tuesday for an ... more
Bay Area strikers: Local union members who have gone on strike discuss their experiences and lessons.
Food system equity: A conversation about access, affordability and equity in the food system.
Erin Stone is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: alejandro.serrano@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @serrano_alej
Santiago Mejia/Special to the Chronicle
RSVP and more information here.
If Prop.
Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
7 p.m., Sydney Goldstein Theater, 275 Hayes St., San Francisco.
Julie Johnson (she/her) is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider @dominicfracassa
Politico writers: Anna Palmer and Jake Sherman, senior writers for Politico and authors of "The Hill to Die On: The Battle for Congress and the Future of Trump's America," appear at a Commonwealth Club event.
Bridging red-blue divide: A daylong session bringing together conservative-leaning and liberal-leaning people for structured conversations, with a focus on listening and reflecting.
Democratic Lt.
Email: vanessa.arredondo@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @v_anana
The Chronicle Season of Sharing Fund responds to people facing crises.
Stephen Lam / Special to The Chronicle
Email: phartlaub@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @PeterHartlaub
BART
Email: anna.bauman@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @abauman2
7 p.m. More information is here.
Victoria Colliver is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Photos courtesy Paragon/SFARMLS
6:30 p.m., World Affairs Council, 312 Sutter St., Suite 200, San Francisco.
Not so fast.
John Blanchard
Pete Grieve is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
11:30 a.m., the Women's Club, 46 Park Road, Fairfax.
Dan Walters is a columnist for CalMatters, a public interest journalism venture committed to explaining how California's state Capitol works and why it matters.
Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle
See More Collapse
Yalonda M. James / The Chronicle
Fort Mason Center, 2 Marina Blvd.,
-- Lizzie Johnson
Melody Gutierrez is The San Francisco Chronicle's Sacramento bureau chief.
Connor Radnovich/The Chronicle
Yalonda M. James, Staff / The Chronicle
Nationalism: Political reporter and author John Judis discusses the underlying causes of the nationalist revolt and its global impact, at the Commonwealth Club.
A firefighter was killed battling the fast moving Carr Fire which has burned over 28,000 acres and destroyed dozens of homes.
Call 415-777-8815, or email matierandross@sfchronicle.com.
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter:@samwhitingsf
Email: datebook@sfchronicle.com
7:30 p.m., Kepler's Books, 1010 El Camino Real, Menlo Park.
Doomsday Clock: Rachel Bronson, president of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, asks, "Can we turn back the Doomsday Clock?"
Sign up for the newsletter here, and contact the writers at kellie.hwang@sfchronicle.com and anna.buchmann@sfchronicle.com.
Constanza Hevia H./Special to The Chronicle
John King / The Chronicle
Chronicle staff writer Roland Li contributed to this report.
Gubernatorial candidate Gavin Newsom, center, waves to a camera during a group photo with volunteers at his campaign headquarters in San Francisco, CA, on Monday June 4, 2018.
Kurtis Alexander is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
San Leandro.
Tickets are $10 and less.
Panelists include Elizabeth Gill, senior attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union, and Joel Engardio of the San Francisco Examiner.
Email: tatiana.sanchez@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TatianaYSanchez
Other major candidates are state Treasurer John Chiang, former education Superintendent Delaine Eastin and Assemblyman Travis Allen.
Sponsored by San Francisco Party for Socialism and Liberation.
The Oakland native is the first Black woman and first person of South Asian American descent to be nominated for national office by a major party.
$40 for non-Commonwealth Club members, $15 for students.
MAY 13
MARCH 21
Democratic ... more
6
10.
What to eat
12:30-2 p.m., Room 587 of the Humanities Building, San Francisco State University, 1600 Holloway Ave.
6-7 p.m., SFJAZZ Center, 201 Franklin St., San Francisco.
People can also call (800) 733-2767 or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
Video: SFChronicle
Salgu Wissmath/The Chronicle
Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com.
Subscribe to The Chronicle's Bay Briefing newsletter, and get the Bay Area's best journalism in your in-box every weekday.
510) 704-8222.
6:30 p.m. 110 Embarcadero, San Francisco.
4 p.m. More information is here.
Gabrielle Lurie/Special to The Chronicle
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
JUNE 14
FRIDAY
Period."
Introduced by Daniel Ellsberg; musical performance by Naima Shalhoub and Excentrik.
15
650) 401-8077.
Email: cwnevius@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @cwnevius
10 a.m. More information is here.
10
Forbidden
7 p.m., Oshman Family JCC's Schultz Cultural Hall, 3921 Fabian Way, Palo Alto.
Ritwik Sarkar helps put up campaign signs for San Francisco mayoral candidate Angela Alioto's election party at the Taverna Aventine in San Francisco, Calif., Tuesday, June 5, 2018.
8.
Gavin Newsom supporters cheer during his election night party at Verso, Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in San Francisco, Calif. Newsom is running for Governor of California.
D.A. candidates panel: San Francisco district attorney candidates Chesa Boudin, Leif Dautch, Suzy Loftus and Nancy Tung take part in a forum sponsored by S.F. Active Citizens Impacted by Violence.
Twitter: @MelodyGutierrez
MONDAY
Sign up for Political Punch Like what you're reading?
Photo: Gene Daniels/Documerica, EPA
6-8:30 p.m., Ortega Branch Library, 3223 Ortega St., San Francisco.
E-mail: jvanderbeken@sfchronicle.com
-Heather Knight
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a candidate for California governor, delivers his remarks at an election-night watch party Tuesday, June 5, 2018, in Los Angeles. (
In such cases, The Chronicle has complete knowledge of the unnamed person's identity and of how that person is in position to know the information.
E-mail: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @pfimrite
New citizen voting: Register new U.S. citizens to vote after they take oath of allegiance.
Jill Tucker and Joaquin Palomino are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers.
The highest temperatures ever recorded at National Weather Service stations located around the San Francisco Bay Area as of Sept. 5, 2017
Chronicle Food
Send feedback, ideas and suggestions to sfnext@SFChronicle.com Where to find more SFNext content
Yoohyun Jung is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
510) 486-0698.
Visual Spotlight
7-8:30 p.m. at Sports Basement, 100 Vintage Way, Novato.
10-11:30 a.m., 1275 Minnesota St., San Francisco.
Among them:
Santiago Mejia/The Chronicle
Sponsored by United Democratic Club.
Oakland.
$29-$99.
Here's an inside look.
$3-$10 donation.
7.
Quote of the week
Twitter: @philmatier
Noise:
Sens.
LiPo Ching / Special to The Chronicle
www.cafedunord.com.
Tubbs Fire devastates parts of Santa Rosa San Francisco Chronicle
Libby Rainey is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
To see more of his content, please click here.
Rep. Ro Khanna: Fremont Democrat holds a town hall meeting.
Email: clochhead@sfchronicle.com
More Information The Chronicle Season of Sharing Fund: Since its inception in 1986, the Season of Sharing Fund has distributed $177 million to help Bay Area residents with critical needs.
11
510) 522-2226.
What happened?
Christine Pelosi: Democratic strategist discusses her new biography of her mother, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, at the Commonwealth Club.
6:30-9 p.m., Berkeley City College, 2050 Center St. More information is here.
Climate damage: How countries, states and companies are using climate damage estimates to inform their decision-making.
Michael Cabanatuan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer.
Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SamWhitingSF
Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg less
$12.
$35 for nonmembers, $10 for students.
Email: julie.johnson@sfchronicle.com
Presenting information from an anonymous source occurs extremely rarely, and only when that information is considered crucially important and all other on-the-record options have been exhausted.
Free.